feat(changelog): jobs-added-serverless-jobs-allows-smtp-traffic 2024-06-03 (#3251)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2024/2024-06-03-jobs-added-serverless-jobs-allows-smtp-traffic.mdx

---
title: Serverless Jobs allows SMTP traffic
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-06-03
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> Serverless Jobs now allows traffic to Scaleway Transactional Email, it was already possible via the API but now directly via SMTP servers ! Perfect way to send emails in your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Jobs now allows traffic to Scaleway Transactional Email. While API access was already available, you can now connect directly via SMTP servers. Enhance your workflows with reliable and straightforward email delivery!
```
